[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory.
And another special guest for
you, Jack Cary, is with us.
Jack is a cryptozoologist.
He is in charge, of course,
of the Paranormal Intelligence
Agency, which is an organization
that looks for these very
strange creatures.
Jack, welcome to
"Beyond Belief."
>>JACK CARY: Thank you, George.
>>NOORY: How did you
get involved in this?
I mean, it's not that you wake
up in the morning and say,
"I'm gonna be a
cryptozoologist!"
>>CARY: No, no, not
specifically cryptozoology,
but you become enamored by some
of these paranormal mysteries.
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>CARY: And that leads you into
investigating some of them.
And I was investigating a
number of different paranormal
phenomenon when I came into
contact with my late partner,
JC Johnson, who was the most
renowned cryptozoologist
in the world at that time.
And he took me under his
wing, became my mentor.
>>NOORY: Great wing to be under.
>>CARY: Absolutely, absolutely.
He was my mentor,
and I was his student
in all things having to
do with cryptozoology.
And he wanted my
expertise on things
that were unrelated
to cryptozoology.
So together, we were
able to undertake
a number of investigations
that kind of straddled
the line at times.
And, you know, we grew
to love each other
like brothers and family.
So it was a great
experience for me.
>>NOORY: Well, Jack, we're
gonna begin this program
on a somewhat somber
note, because JC
is no longer with
us, passing away
at the age of 58 of
really a tragedy,
a pneumonia that got to him.
That's gotta be pretty
difficult for you.
>>CARY: It was a great
shock to not only me
but to the rest of the members
of Crypto Four Corners, which
is the foundation, the
group that he founded,
that studies animals that
really shouldn't exist but do.
And it was a shock
to his family.
It was a grave shock to
the hundreds of thousands
of people that followed JC's
work all around the world
and visited the Crypto Four
Corners YouTube channel
and made it such
a hit that it was.
And we're still trying to
get over the loss of him.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
What was it that made JC
so special in the field
of cryptozoology?
>>CARY: You know, JC not only
wasn't interested in money
or fame, he was
simply interested
in discovering and presenting
the truth to the public.
And that came across in
everything that he did.
>>NOORY: That's a rarity too.
>>CARY: It is, it is.
He was the kind of man that
would give you the shirt right
off of his back.
And I saw him do it with
more than one stranger.
And there was just this
sort of magic about JC,
where he would attract
this phenomenon.
There were so many
times where we
were out in the field
together and off
the beaten path in
such a way that it
would take you a week to walk
out of some of these areas.
And there was some sort
of magnetism about him.
He attracted these
creatures to him.
And it was a gift.
Added to that, that we
worked with Navajo trackers
for so long in
northern New Mexico
that we usually
had them with us,
and they were always
teaching us how
to become better trackers
of some of these animals.
>>NOORY: JC was fascinated
by the Dogman Case.
>>CARY: Yes.
>>JC Jackson As you
can see behind us,
swampy, the swampy area,
Jack found this greenbelt
that goes all the
way to the mountains
and pretty much connects
with the neighborhood.
Would you say a mile and a half?
>>CARY: Yeah, approximately
a mile and a half.
>>JC Jackson A mile
and a half, and it's
all greenbelt going
into this Denver suburb.
So this is pretty fascinating.
I'm more along the
lines of thinking
we might have something in
the area of a Dogman outside
of my feelings, that
it was a one time
incident with a werewolf, a
were-creature, a skinwalker,
what have you.
>>NOORY: Well, there he was.
That's the man.
>>CARY: The man and the legend.
And he was the best
at what he did,
which is collecting
the information that
was factual about these cases,
and then presenting it in a way
that the public was OK with.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>CARY: You know,
and that's really
what we're about, is
trying to get the public
to recognize and acknowledge
the reality of some
of these different
phenomenon, including
these creatures that
JC would often call
the remnants of the Nephilim.
>>NOORY: Mm-hm.
That's a good point.
>>CARY: Yeah, he held
the belief that these
were talked about in the
Bible, when all of creation
became corrupt through the
genetic manipulation of life
forms here on the planet
from the fallen angels,
and that some of these
creatures were still out there
roaming around, like Dogman.
>>NOORY: You might be right.
Tell us about Dogman.
He also mentioned skinwalkers,
but what are Dogmen?
>>CARY: Yeah, you know,
JC had the belief that--
and he had a really
good reason to do so,
because skinwalkers
and werecreatures are
a norm on the Navajo
Indian reservations
where we worked a
lot, and that he
had even family connections to.
And he came across
a number of cases
where someone had seen a
skinwalker, a werewolf, if you
will, and followed
human footprints
with his native trackers.
>>NOORY: Human footprints.
>>CARY: Human footprints until
those footprints literally
turned into what
appeared to be canine.
>>NOORY: They just
shift right into that.
>>CARY: They just shift
from one step to the next.
>>NOORY: And you don't miss
a beat in the steps, do you?
>>CARY: That's right.
And these are out
in areas where,
if you were gonna try
to perpetrate a hoax,
the likelihood of somebody ever
really coming across them--
>>NOORY: Right.
>>CARY: For you to
somehow outsmart them--
>>NOORY: Spend that
kind of time to do that.
>>CARY: Right, it's
just impossible.
And so he had the belief
that werecreatures
existed along with
what we believe
are a species of upright walking
and running canine creatures,
and that these Dogmen
were what they were full
time, 24 hours a day.
>>NOORY: Were these creatures
intelligent to the point
where they acted more
human than animal?
>>CARY: Very, very much so, and
very reminiscent of Sasquatch.
And that's what's
fascinating about them,
is that you have a
pattern coexisting
in Sasquatch and Dogman.
You have existing Native
American oral history
going back hundreds
and hundreds of years
describing the creature.
You have a nonstop body of
credible witnesses coming
forward, telling
you what they saw.
You have physical evidence being
left in the form of footprints
and DNA.
Dr. Melba Ketchum actually
was able to collect
Dogman DNA from her own
personal encounter, which
she's spoken of now publicly.
And you have what appears to be
a pattern of people seeing them
in very specific places,
and that pattern with Dogman
is water, cornfields.
>>NOORY: Cornfields?
>>CARY: Yeah, and Native
American burial mounds.
Any time you look up a very
credible Dogman sighting,
those three things were
present, and those three things
were present in the
Liquid Lichen Case, which
you guys just showed a clip of.
>>NOORY: Right.
Has anybody reported of
anything serious in terms
of Dogmen attacking them
or anything like that?
>>CARY: There have been
a number of people,
for instance a jogger in
Canada that was wounded
by one of these creatures.
They've been chased
numerous times.
There have been
many witnesses who
have fired firearms at them.
>>NOORY: Have they hit them?
>>CARY: Claimed
to have hit them,
and also claimed it seemed to
have no effect on the creature.
I, in my own research
investigating
the Dogmen sightings
came across the fact
that in South and Central
Oklahoma, for instance,
dating around the
early 1900s, in
these little, old, overgrown,
and largely abandoned
cemeteries all through
Southern Oklahoma,
you find headstones that read
"murdered by human wolves."
>>NOORY: Whoa.
>>CARY: Now, what would it take
for a people in a very small
town, where there was
normally 30, 40 people--
>>NOORY: Human wolves.
>>CARY: --To carve
into a loved one's
headstone "murdered
by human wolves."
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>CARY: And I believe you
guys have a still of one
of those headstones
I supplied to you.
>>NOORY: Yeah, we've
got a lot of stills
that I wanna take a look at.
Let's take a look as we continue
our discussion here, Jack.
How tall are the creatures?
Kind of describe them for us.
>>CARY: They're often
described as being
eight to nine feet tall.
Sometimes smaller,
but they're also
described as being
younger, when they're
described as being smaller.
So we know that these things
are not just popping out
of the ether into existence.
They apparently have
little ones, younger ones,
and older ones.
And these are creatures that
are breeding and multiplying.
>>NOORY: Do they ever
walk on all fours?
>>CARY: They do.
They've been seeing
going to all fours
from an upright
position and vice-versa.
In my research
and investigation,
I discovered that some of
the very first sightings
occurred in Wisconsin
in the late 1800s
at a place known as
Aztalan State Park.
>>NOORY: Uh-huh.
>>CARY: Aztalan, of course, is
an allusion to the Inca home.
>>NOORY: We've got a picture
here of a Dogman track.
Really unusual, isn't it?
>>CARY: It is.
It's usually a three toed print.
There's part of a
dog's foot that, when
you look at how a dog
stands, the pad is actually
on the ground, and then there's
this sort of 45 degree angle
bone behind the foot.
And a lot of these tracks
look like these things
have evolved to where
that bone has now
been pushed to the ground.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>CARY: And it's
helping to support
the weight of the creature.
And it came to me one day that
what we had to be looking at
was either an
etheric manifestation
of this creature through
some form of ancient worship.
>>NOORY: Mm-hm.
>>CARY: Or these native people
came across this creature
in the wilds and
began to deify it.
That there were little
to no other options.
Now, JC held the belief that
these dog-headed creatures were
actually remnants of the
Annunaki, of the Nephilim,
that they were a genetic
experiment of some kind,
and that they were--
>>NOORY: Something went awry?
>>CARY: They were
a military class.
These particular creatures
were the soldier class.
>>NOORY: Did they communicate?
Did anybody ever hear them
speaking or anything like that?
>>CARY: One of the very first
cases occurred at Aztalan State
Park in 1888, And the gentleman
claims, the eyewitness claims--
he was the security guard
of the park at that time--
that this creature opened its
mouth and spoke words to him.
He didn't know what
language it was,
but it sounded almost
Egyptian to him.
>>NOORY: Huh.
Do you think they were
more earthbound creatures
or extraterrestrial,
in your opinion?
>>CARY: That's the million
dollar question right now.
You know with Sasquatch, through
two different genome studies
now, one made public, one which
was conducted in private by Dr.
Ketchum, the private study
was done on behalf of JC
and a few other
investigators when we had
discovered DNA of a Sasquatch--
>>NOORY: Is this the same--
you just said that.
It was the same study when she
was looking for Bigfoot, right?
>>CARY: Right.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>CARY: She came to the
conclusion on her Sasquatch
study that the mitochondrial
DNA, the DNA on the mother's
lineage side, was in
fact, modern day human.
And when she conducted
the Dogman DNA study,
it too came across mitochondrial
DNA human, Native American.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>CARY: Right.
And the Sasquatch
study, what it showed
was that 12,000 to 15,000
years ago, during what
was called the
Younger Dryas Period,
there was an upright
walking hominid species.
That species has never been
cataloged in the world gene
bank.
That's the major problem
with Sasquatch DNA.
They have never discovered
the fossilized remains
of this upright walking
hominid species.
And therefore they have
never actually taken DNA
from one of these
fossilized samples
and made it into the
actual gene bank.
So when they do the
study, it comes up
as an unknown relic hominid
species and human female.
>>NOORY: Jack, researcher
Scott Carpenter
had a video of what
could be a Dogman.
>>SCOTT CARPENTER: In this
clip, you're about to see,
this was my first
encounter with the Dogman.
Now, of course, I didn't see
him or know he was watching me.
I again caught him on
the backdraw camera.
But I was just looking
around my feeding station,
checking out my tape
traps for a Bigfoot
here and just generally
looking around the area.
And I caught a few
seconds of the Dogman
behind me here in
the brush pile.
And what he's doing,
he's actually looking up
and he's watching me.
He's just got his
head peeked up.
Now, in this sequence,
he looks more
like the traditional
werewolf or Dogman.
But consistent with the
footage I captured this day,
he appears to only have one ear.
And I don't know whether
an ear was injured
and it's just lying
down on his head
or it's been bitten
off, removed.
Who knows?
But the creature only has one
ear, and it's the right ear.
So in this sequence, he
is standing behind me,
watching me.
And there's actually a
very interesting part
of this segment, where
the Dogman will actually,
his ear will actually go--
and so his ear will
be flopped over.
And for whatever
reason the ear goes up.
And just like a dog, he
kind of zooms in on me.
So that's what's
in this segment.
I will loop that segment
of the ear going up
so it'll be easier to see.
Enjoy.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>NOORY: It's amazing he was
able to even see this creature
through all the greenery.
>>CARY: Well, the great thing
about Scott Carpenter is that
he realized early on--
and Scott is a completely
no nonsense human being.
>>NOORY: You could tell.
>>CARY: Oh yeah,
I've been in contact
with Scott for a
long time, and he's
the kind of guy that really
doesn't mess around, what he
says happened really happened.
>>NOORY: He's talking about a
bent ear and everything else.
>>CARY: He's as straight
as the day is long.
And he found out, discovered,
that every time he
was out on a hike, on a hunt, he
could hear activity behind him.
And he'd turn around, and there
wouldn't be anything there.
So he got to where he would
wear a camera pointing backwards
at all times,
filming behind him.
And that's where this
footage actually came from.
He reviews that
video every time when
he gets home, the
back camera footage,
and he saw this thing poking
out of the woods looking at him.
>>NOORY: Something was there.
I don't know what it was,
but something was there.
>>CARY: It is.
When you look at the
very close up examination
and slowed down video
of that creature,
it is quite something.
It is very, very scary too.
>>NOORY: Could it be a Bigfoot?
>>CARY: No, you know, if it is,
it's a new type of Sasquatch
that we didn't know
existed before.
Because they have
elongated snouts.
They look like dogs.
They have upright standing
ears most of the time.
And these things can
stand 9, 10 feet tall.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>CARY: I've got a
photograph of one of them,
and it literally had its
arm bent in a 90 degree
angle in front of it like this.
And it stood up the entire
time it was being filmed.
There are frames where it
lifts its nose to the air
and begins to sniff
our scent on the air.
And you can even see the
pupil of this creature.
>>NOORY: Jack, geographically,
where are these creatures
located?
>>CARY: Well, right
now, they're being
seen in most of the states.
The major hotspot
in North America
is Michigan, along what they
call the Land of the Lakes.
>>NOORY: Yeah, been there.
>>CARY: There's a peninsula
there where there's not only
a cluster of
historical sightings--
>>NOORY: In the upper peninsula?
>>CARY: Right,
but a growing body
of sightings taking place
there even as we speak.
Wisconsin, a lot of the
other Great Lakes states
that are all along that area.
>>NOORY: So primarily
the central states?
>>CARY: Right, well,
and from there,
they seemingly work a trail
down to the Deep South.
And in the Deep South, you know,
around New Orleans, you have
what's called the
Lougarou, which is
the French word for "werewolf."
>>NOORY: What do
you think they eat?
>>CARY: You know, I
think they're omnivorous,
just like the
Sasquatch seems to be.
These things are meat
eaters, but they also
seem to have the
ability to forage off
of berries and other types
of food available to them
in the forest.
>>NOORY: Leaves,
things like that.
>>CARY: Right, right.
>>NOORY: What a great
nutritional dinner that is.
>>CARY: Right.
You know, and with
Sasquatch, you
can look at the gene
study that was done,
and you can kind
of see why there
is a natural scientific
explanation for this creature.
The Greater Dryas
Period was a period
when the Earth had
been struck by a comet.
And when that happens, species
that have very similar DNA
makeups tend to interbreed out
of an innate sense of survival.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>CARY: And this creature had
a very similar genetic makeup
to archaic humans, and
it began to interbreed
with archaic human females,
and that produced the lineage
that we call
Sasquatch or Bigfoot.
>>NOORY: Have there been any
reports of these creatures
being winged?
>>CARY: You know,
there have been
close up reports of
eyewitnesses shooting
them, almost point blank range.
And these things
barely even flinching.
In the Dogmen, in the case
of the Dogmen, and Sasquatch.
>>NOORY: But they
clearly knew they hit it.
>>CARY: Yeah.
They actually saw the thing
sort of flinch and move,
but it didn't appear to do the
damage that they would think
some of these weapons would do.
You're talking about guys that
are professional hunters that
are carrying 30 odd six.
>>NOORY: Good marksmen.
>>CARY: Or an AR-15 or
a 45 caliber handgun.
These aren't people out in
the woods with a BB gun.
And they're shooting
them pretty close up,
and seemingly it has no effect.
>>NOORY: Could these
creatures, Jack, be Mothman?
>>CARY: I don't believe so.
You know, the
descriptions of Mothman
being a winged
creature, that's not
something that often
occurs in Dogman sightings.
Over the past year
or two, there's
been a huge number of so-called
Mothman, Owlman, giant bat
sightings going on around
the Greater Chicago Area.
That's something that's been
chronicled very detailed
by Phantoms and Monsters and
among a few other investigative
bodies.
And we as well have gotten
nonstop eyewitnesses,
including one lady who
was able to give us
a very, very detailed
account of what she saw.
She said the creature was only
100 feet from her, very, very
long batwing-like wings,
in excess of 12 to 15 feet
wingspan.
She said this
thing looked to her
like a real biological
creature, that it was
wasn't something
that was appearing
from another
dimension, let's say.
>>NOORY: It's gotta scare
the living daylights out
of people when they're
confronted by these things.
>>CARY: Absolutely, yeah.
Many of the witnesses are just
petrified by what they saw.
>>NOORY: Who wouldn't be, right?
>>CARY: Yeah, right.
>>NOORY: Have you ever
seen one, up and personal?
>>CARY: I have not
seen one, but we
do have a photograph sent to
us by one of the eyewitnesses,
and you can see in
pretty decent detail what
these creatures are.
>>NOORY: And nobody would
be dumb enough, Jack,
to put a costume on
and go running around?
>>CARY: No, when you look
at the photograph and some
of the descriptions of what
this thing is, you're left
wondering what it could be.
I mean, when these
things take off,
they hear flapping of
wings, but it's not
like they hear a
jetpack going off
or the sound of a drone
flying or something like that.
They can see the
creature breathing,
and they see the eyes glowing.
There's an instant paralyzing
feeling of fear among them.
Many of the eyewitness accounts
have been multiple people,
one of them there
was over 20 people
who saw the creature in the
same area around Chicago.
So why they're appearing in
that area, we don't really know.
Are they a
Mothman-like creature?
Well, some would say that the
descriptions are very, very
similar to what
people were seeing
in Point Pleasant at the time.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>CARY: Other theories include
that perhaps this is either
a new species of what we
would call a flying fox.
There are giant bat species.
>>NOORY: It's a big
flying fox, right?
>>CARY: Right.
There are very large
bat species in Indonesia
and elsewhere called the
golden crown flying fox.
And it's a very, very big bat.
I mean, this thing's got
a body that's at least 4
and 1/2 feet in length.
>>NOORY: God, that would
be horrible to look at.
>>CARY: Right.
>>NOORY: Four foot bat.
>>CARY: Maybe you're
seeing a migration
of a type of species like that.
Maybe we're seeing an evolution
that this is a new species,
and maybe, just
maybe, these things
are being born from
dormant prehistoric eggs.
There are many scientific
studies talking about the idea
that some of the
prehistoric species
could lay eggs in the earth
that would survive for hundreds
and thousands of years.
>>NOORY: And then they hatch?
>>CARY: Eventually to hatch.
And maybe it's global warming,
some other type of mechanism
that's causing them to hatch.
And maybe we're
witnessing the rebirth
of a prehistoric species.
>>NOORY: Now let's
talk about Bigfoot
and what the heck this
creature might be.
Because I hear everything, Jack.
I hear extraterrestrial,
dimensional, an animal.
What do you think Bigfoot is?
>>CARY: I don't
believe for a second
that Bigfoot is either
inter-dimensional or an alien.
>>NOORY: You do not.
>>CARY: Flying UFOs around.
Now, it is true, and many
paranormal investigators
like to sort of
gloss over the fact
that in 20% of all
credible Bigfoot sightings
a UFO is also reported.
>>NOORY: That's true.
>>CARY: At the same time.
20% a large number.
>>NOORY: That's a huge number.
>>CARY: It is.
When I began to investigate
the human abduction
phenomenon, of what appears
to be humans being taken
by an alien species for
a genetic experiment
or testing some kind of.
>>NOORY: Look at David Paulides.
>>CARY: Right.
Well, I suspect the same thing
is happening with Sasquatch.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>CARY: Now that we
have a genome study that
shows that they are part,
in fact, modern human,
and we have the same
alien craft in close
proximity to a creature
that shares DNA with us,
and the fact that we know
that alien abduction of humans
is going on, it's not too
far of a stretch to assume
that these creatures are also
being abducted for their DNA.
>>NOORY: You can only
imagine what the ETs are
thinking of these creatures.
>>CARY: Right.
>>NOORY: There was a big video
that splashed the Bigfoot
community some time ago.
>>NARRATOR: As it goes from
upright down to all fours,
I'm wondering, does that
look like a primate?
Like if we were
sitting or standing
and fell over on all fours?
Or does it look like an animal
with its center of gravity
a little further
back, a little lower?
And I don't have an
example for that,
so take that with
a grain of salt.
>>NOORY: So you
could see something
popping up and popping down.
Was that the creature?
>>CARY: That's the creature
that more than one researcher
has now filmed out
in the deep woods.
One of the original films
was called "Three Miles Deep
with Bob Garrett," who in
Bigfoot circles is well known.
Bob attracted the
wrong kind of attention
by posting that video.
And I meant government
figures approaching him.
And now he's untraceable.
You can't find Bob anywhere.
We don't know what
happened to Bob Garrett.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>CARY: But after this video
called "Three Miles In," where
he apparently films
what we would call
a predator-like
creature, a creature
that has the ability,
just like the movie, to
fully cloak itself in such
a way that all you see
is a basic shimmering of light
when it moves in front of you.
And one has to
imagine, when you look
into things like Project
Mockingbird run by the CIA,
in Hollywood,
predictive programming
were they in fact using
the "Predator" movies
as a type of soft disclosure
for what our researchers are now
actually filming in the woods?
>>NOORY: To slowly let us
know or maybe it is just
to leak the information out?
>>CARY: Right,
that's what I mean,
a soft disclosure without
actually coming out and saying,
"Hey, you guys, we've got what
apparently is a completely
invisible, perhaps
interdimensional predator
walking around the woods.
And oh, by the
way, there's a man
named David Paulides
who has published
nonstop missing person cases
all through the national park
system."
>>NOORY: Bizarre, bizarre.
>>CARY: Yeah, that makes
for an explosive combination
in the public, if you tell
them that not only are there
invisible predator-like beings
walking around the woods,
but, hey, we've got
hundreds and hundreds
of unsolved missing
people cases,
where we just haven't
a clue as to what
happened to these people.
>>NOORY: These people, Jack, who
just disappear, simply vanish.
>>CARY: That's right.
>>NOORY: They may be walking--
you and I and somebody else
might be walking in
the woods in tandem.
And we walk two feet in front of
this other individual, hearing
nothing, we turn
around and he's gone.
>>CARY: Right.
>>NOORY: Where the heck is he?
An animal would
have made a noise
if it came down
and snatched him.
Or he would have screamed.
It's almost as if they walk
into a dimension, a portal,
or they're instantly
beamed somewhere and taken.
>>CARY: Quite right.
And that leads me
into the theory
that I developed
regarding the missing 411
cases, which has to do
with what scientists
call the mock effect.
Now, the mock
effect is something
that was discovered
not too long ago,
and there is a scientist
who's developed what's
called a mock effect thruster.
>>NOORY: The mock effect.
>>CARY: Yeah, named after
the scientist who actually
discovered this mechanism.
And basically to make a very
complicated scientific theorem
simple, when mass
travels through space,
there are minute fluctuations
that occur in that mass.
>>NOORY: OK, interesting theory.
>>CARY: Right.
And there is a scientific way
of harnessing the energy caused
by those fluctuations,
so that you in effect
have zero point energy.
>>NOORY: Hm.
>>CARY: Now, I had been
studying for a very long time
so-called vortex areas
around the United States.
>>NOORY: There's 11 or 12
on the planet, aren't there?
>>CARY: Right, right.
And at every one of these
sites, what you find
are electromagnetic field
patterns, which are way above.
>>NOORY: Unusual?
>>CARY: Yes, these
different areas actually
have, underneath the
topography, vast quantities
of quartz crystal.
These quartz crystals can
generate electromagnetic waves
in such a way that they are
magnified hundreds of times
over the surrounding
countryside.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>CARY: Now, there's plenty of
scientists in the world that
will tell you, like Michio
Kaku, other physicists,
and in a lot of
their conferences,
in hushed tones, as we
would say right now,
they are discussing the
very real possibility
that their mathematics
are showing
to them that parallel
dimensions do exist,
and that if they
exist, there are more
than likely intelligent beings
living on those dimensions,
and that some of these
beings would have discovered
a way into this one by now.
>>NOORY: And take people.
>>CARY: That's right.
And that's what we have
at these vortex areas.
The only thing that's
separating two dimensions
is what they call an
electromagnetic membrane.
And what you have
with the mock effect
is the Earth, a body of mass
traveling through space,
having minute fluctuations
in the topography
of these quartz
crystal deposits,
which then generate
electromagnetic field
patterns so strong that they can
literally cause a tear or a rip
an electromagnetic membrane
between dimensions.
And you can have momentary
interaction taking
place between these
dimensions, and that's
what we call paranormal.
>>NOORY: Or fall into it.
David Paulides, of
course, "Missing 411,"
was a recent guest
on "Beyond Belief."
>>DAVID PAULIDES:
Thanks, George.
It's great to be here.
>>NOORY: What was it about
this subject that got you first
involved in investigating it?
>>PAULIDES: Years ago, I was
doing some peripheral research
in a national park.
I noticed a couple park
rangers following me around,
which isn't that unusual.
And I went back to my
location off the park site,
and these guys showed
up independently,
and they said they
knew of me, and they
had been looking into missing
people at the various parks
that they had worked at.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>PAULIDES: And they realized
that on the front end, when
somebody goes missing,
there's a lot of activity,
there's a lot of investigation.
And then after about seven or
eight days, everything stops.
And when they tried to find
out what happened to the victim
and get more information,
they were stymied,
and they said something
didn't feel right.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>PAULIDES: And then subsequent
to the disappearance,
the follow up investigation
by special agents of the Park
Service really never happened.
>>NOORY: Weird.
>>PAULIDES: Very strange.
And they said somebody ought
to be looking into this,
because the people were
disappearing in areas that they
didn't think that would
fit that normal mode.
Meaning that you and
I, say, take our kids
to the park and a
child disappears
in a valley area, where
there's a lot of activity.
And we're not talking far
back into the back country.
A lot of these occur
right in a populated area
of the national park.
>>NOORY: In front
of other people.
>>PAULIDES: Apparently.
>>NOORY: Geez.
>>PAULIDES: And as we
can logically assume,
when people go into the
back country, things happen.
And those disappearances
occur as well,
but it's those valley
disappearances that
got my interest right away.
And of course, your mind
may go immediately to, well,
it's some kind of person
to person involvement.
>>NOORY: Right, some sicko
out there or something.
>>PAULIDES: Right, but when
you get into the numbers,
and you start to
vet the cases, you
realize that something
more is going on
than what's readily apparent.
>>NOORY: I have tried
for years to get
David to commit to what
he thinks is happening,
and he just won't
go there, Jack.
>>CARY: You know, he's keeping
all options open at this stage,
because, to him,
there's just not
enough information in to
make a delineation one way
or the other.
He did pay me a very
good compliment,
and he's read my
article concerning--
>>NOORY: He's a
great researcher.
>>CARY: The mock effect, yeah.
And said that I was one of the
few writers that could actually
with logic explain a possible
mechanism by which some of this
could occur.
And with the 411
missing cases, you
might actually be looking at
two or three different things
taking place.
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>CARY: At the same time.
But I think that, deep
down, he kind of suspects
what I suspect, and that's that
these physicists are right,
that there is an
interdimensional predator
of some kind doing this work,
that he says all the time,
because of the first or last
in line part of the pattern,
there has to be an intelligence
behind what's going on.
And I agree with that.
I think whatever it is
that's actually doing
this is from another dimension.
It has realized that
in these specific areas
there are intermittent doorways
through which they can operate.
>>NOORY: Why the park
systems primarily?
>>CARY: Well, it's interesting.
It just happens to be a
coincidence that the park
systems are all forest, where
the underlying topography has
huge amounts of limestone
and quartz crystal.
And so it's usually
in these areas
where they put
the national parks
that you have these huge
electromagnetic patterns taking
place, these fields
that can actually
cause the interaction
between dimensions.
>>NOORY: The field
of cryptozoology
primarily was for Bigfoot, I
believe, originally, wasn't it?
>>CARY: It was,
although if you look
at the work of Loren Coleman,
all manner of strange animals.
>>NOORY: Thunderbirds.
>>CARY: Thunderbirds, large
snakes, creatures of all kinds
that really don't quite
fit into the accepted
version of evolution.
And you have the
Loch Ness monster
and a whole body
of sea creatures
that fit into crypto
field as well.
>>NOORY: Great mysteries.
Just great mysteries.
Why don't we have
answers to this planet?
We've been to the moon.
We sent rovers to Mars.
We sent space ships outside
of our solar system.
Why can't we find out
what's happening right here?
>>CARY: If we had the
right kind of funding
and the right amount of time.
That's the problem
with cryptozoology--
it is completely unfunded
anywhere in the world.
JC used to often tell
me, "Jack, do you
wanna make money
hunting Bigfoot?
Get yourself a
rule early morning
newspaper route, because
that's about the only money
you're ever gonna make
hunting a cryptid animal."
There is simply no
funding in this field,
and it's always on our
own time and our own dime
where we go out and collect the
evidence that we've collected.
And we're proud
of what we've been
able to collect on
very limited funding
and therefore very limited time.
We called each other "underpaid
public servants" all the time,
because we very much see
this as a public service,
to be able to not only show
that some of this phenomenon
is real, but are trying
to ascertain as to
whether or not it presents
a real threat to humanity.
That's the key.
And in the case of these
411 missing victims,
you might have
exactly that scenario.
>>NOORY: It's a great,
great puzzling story.
>>CARY: Right.
>>NOORY: At the same time
too, Jack, it's frightening.
>>CARY: It is.
>>NOORY: Because little
kids have disappeared.
I can only imagine as a parent
how horrible that must be,
because you get no answer.
And that's the other
part of the frustration.
There's no closure
here, is there?
>>CARY: No closure.
And every day we wake up and the
Sasquatch enigma's still there,
after a while, it
creates a sore spot.
>>NOORY: It does.
>>CARY: You want to
see this resolved.
And people don't
quite understand
that what we're dealing
with is a creature that
has a human-like intelligence
but superhuman-like physical
abilities.
A creature that can
run 55 miles an hour
over uneven mountainous terrain,
can scale a 90 degree rock face
in seconds.
>>NOORY: But doesn't
seem to attack people.
>>CARY: Doesn't necessarily.
We do have some evidence
where they may have
attacked and killed humans.
I mean, there are instances.
>>NOORY: May be provoked.
>>CARY: A few cases, yeah.
A lot of the times,
they simply flee.
But these creatures are more
than what people give them
credit for.
This isn't some dumb great
ape wandering around the wilds
of North America.
>>NOORY: Right,
it's not an animal.
>>CARY: And there's hundreds of
millions of uninhabited forest
acreage all around
North America.
And a creature with
those abilities,
a creature that can smell
you from two miles away,
can see you a mile away.
>>NOORY: We've heard recordings
of these creatures in the past.
>>CARY: Absolutely, absolutely.
>>NOORY: They're
kind of frightening.
They're just-- rawr.
>>CARY: Yeah, there's nothing
more unnerving than hearing
a Sasquatch roar, which I
had the pleasure of hearing
a number of times
going out with JC.
>>NOORY: Tell me about
the bat-like creature
again in Chicago.
>>CARY: We're trying to
determine exactly what this is.
It appears to be an actual
biological creature.
It doesn't appear to be
someone in one of those flying
squirrel suits.
This thing has been seen.
>>NOORY: This is actually
up in the air, right?
>>CARY: Yes, it is
actually flying.
>>NOORY: How big is that?
>>CARY: We don't really
know because it's
hard to tell a
scale of an object
in the sky when there's
nothing else there,
but this was taken
from quite a distance
by an eyewitness who
happened to come out
of a strip mall around
Chicago and see this way off
in the distance and was able
to zoom in that far to actually
get a picture of it.
Many eyewitnesses have seen
them perched on street lights,
and, with one or two flaps,
just disappear into a night sky.
>>NOORY: Clearly, you
could see the back feet.
>>CARY: Right.
>>NOORY: You could see
the hands or the paws
on the end of the
wings, like a bat.
>>CARY: Right.
>>NOORY: And you
can see the head.
>>CARY: Right.
And the only other
thing that comes to mind
are the pteratorn and
pteradactyl sightings
that were reported to
me and JC that occur all
through the American Southwest.
>>NOORY: Yeah, and that's a
skin-looking wing, isn't it?
>>CARY: Right.
>>NOORY: And then
of course you were
talking about the tombstone of
the lady that was apparently
eaten by human wolves.
>>CARY: Yes.
>>NOORY: There
she is, Katherine.
>>CARY: Yup, Katherine
Cross was her name.
Now, this case was
actually given to me
by an actual
private investigator
operating in Oklahoma.
>>NOORY: Mm-hm.
>>CARY: She had come across this
case through an acquaintance
and became so obsessed with
it that she literally moved
to the small town of Konawa.
>>NOORY: Only 18-years-old.
>>CARY: Yeah, 18-years-old.
>>NOORY: Geez.
>>CARY: And right at the
bottom, when you look closely,
it says "murdered
by human wolves."
>>NOORY: Is that right
underneath her death date?
>>CARY: The actual date, yeah.
And that's an inscription
found on other tombstones
throughout the area.
>>NOORY: What were the
Little People in Minnesota?
>>CARY: Yes, the Little
People were something
that JC had come across, and
he found a gentleman that's
a member of the Crypto
Four Quarters now
who had a 300 acre
property up there that had
this activity going on it.
And up there, the
Native American people
called them the Bagwajiwinini,
the little people
of the forest.
>>NOORY: How small were they?
>>CARY: They're only 16
inches tall, basically.
>>NOORY: That's it?
>>CARY: They were small.
>>NOORY: And in
Northern Ireland,
they'd be called leprechauns.
>>CARY: Leprechauns.
And what blew me
away when we actually
obtained a photograph of one
of these creatures in Minnesota
is that they had literally
just discovered Homo
Floresiensis off the coast of--
>>NOORY: What are we
looking at here, Jack?
>>CARY: This is one
of the Bagwajiwinini.
He's peering out
from the underbrush.
>>NOORY: He looks like one
of those gizmos in the movie.
>>CARY: Right.
And when you see the actual
photograph which they've got,
this is the extreme
close up, this little guy
was peering up
out of the bushes,
and we happened to snap
a photograph of him.
>>NOORY: Is he waving?
>>CARY: He's not waving.
Only his head was up, and he
was eyeballing the group there.
>>NOORY: He looks flat.
>>CARY: He does.
Well, the skull
kind of looks flat.
And like I was saying,
this occurred shortly
after the discovery
of the Hobbit
species, Homo Floresiensis.
>>NOORY: It looks like a
little teddy bear or something.
>>CARY: Right.
And here we've got another
Native American lore
about a Hobbit species.
And this just happens
to be in North America.
So.
>>NOORY: Clearly you can see
his little fingers on that hand.
>>CARY: Right.
>>NOORY: You see that?
>>CARY: Yes, and
both eyes, you see
the nasal structure, the bone
structure underneath the skin.
>>NOORY: No nose, or
is it covered there?
>>CARY: Very, very straight,
yeah, and flat-faced.
>>NOORY: And is that hair
that we're looking at?
>>CARY: It could very well be.
We asked the Native
Americans about the color
of the creature, and they
said that they mainly
eat a chlorophyll
diet, and that they
were largely green in nature.
>>NOORY: In Ireland,
they of course,
have the myth of
leprechauns, but they also
have the story of these little
green people capturing children
and taking them
whenever they see them.
What do we know about that?
>>CARY: Absolutely.
In ancient Ireland, they
were known as the gentry.
And they lived in little,
tiny holes in the ground,
and they were responsible
for all kinds of fairy
misadventures and
kidnapping of children.
>>NOORY: Debauchery, huh?
>>CARY: Yeah, and all
kinds of mischief.
And that's what you find
in the North American lore
with the Bagwajiwinini is--
>>NOORY: Same thing.
>>CARY: An exact description.
And then you have an
actual scientific finding
of this Hobbit species,
Homo floresiensis.
>>NOORY: That could look
like little leprechauns.
>>CARY: Which looks exactly like
what they've been describing.
Here's a tiny, little pygmy race
of people that really existed,
and they hunted little pygmy
animals, little pygmy elephants
and stuff like that.
On the East Coast, you have
what's called the Pukwudgie,
the oral history
of the Pukwudgie,
which is another
little troll-like,
human-like creature that
the Native Americans would
speak of.
>>NOORY: So the
myth of leprechauns
may very well not
be a myth after all.
>>CARY: May not be a myth.
Even in Norway they have
the ancient oral history
of the little people.
In fact, in Norway, when
they build a highway,
they'll build a highway
around a rock structure,
because they believe the
little people live in it.
>>NOORY: They don't
want to disrupt.
>>CARY: They take it
that seriously, yeah.
Now, what's interesting
about the little people,
and this is something Mr.
Paulides has come across
as well, is that the Native
Americans have blamed them
over the years for being
responsible for missing people.
>>NOORY: The little
tiny creatures?
>>CARY: The little guys, yeah.
And there was a
missing person case
shortly before Crypto
Four Corners obtained
that photograph, that a
gentleman went missing
in Minnesota in that area.
And the whole activity
was in fact blamed on
by the Native Americans there.
>>NOORY: Of everything
you've investigated
crypto-wise, what fascinates
you the most right now?
>>CARY: The Dogmen
fascinate me the most,
which is one of the things
I really wanna touch on.
When you look at
the DNA, you have
a viable scientific
explanation for Sasquatch.
You don't have a viable
scientific explanation
for an upright walking
canine species.
>>NOORY: No.
>>CARY: That's haunting.
And the picture that was
obtained in the Lost Creek
wilderness that
we will show here,
that creature's still out there.
>>NOORY: How many do
you think are out there?
>>CARY: With Sasquatch, we
predict 5,000 to 10,000,
because that's how many you have
to have for a viable breeding
population.
Now, this is the
Dogman in Lost Creek.
You can see him holding
his arm in front of him.
He's got huge pectoral
muscles, upright canine ears.
>>NOORY: Very hairy.
>>CARY: This photograph,
you can actually
see the iris of the eye.
It stood upright.
Some people might say, "Oh,
that had to be a bear."
Well, this thing stood upright
at least nine feet tall.
>>NOORY: Is that hair on the--
>>CARY: Yes, dark black hair.
But it stood upright for
over a 15 minute period.
Here's a slightly
different photo
of him, the mouth,
the nose, the eyes,
and then there's the
ear off to the right.
You can see the iris right
here in that left eye.
And we've got a
few frames of film
where he was actually
sniffing the air
and picking up the
scent of something.
>>NOORY: Jack, looking at
these photos helps of Dogman,
we get a pretty
good glimpse of what
it looks like, but specifically
describe it for us.
If you were at a
forensic event, trying
to tell an artist what to
sketch, what would you say?
>>CARY: A typical
Dogman sighting,
the creature is always
described as being
anywhere from seven to nine
feet tall, sometimes taller.
They're massive, described
as being massive animals.
They have a canine-like
head on them
with a protruding snout,
upright ears, same thing
you would see on a dog.
>>NOORY: A dog face.
>>CARY: Right, but
they're not described
as having paws but
more human-like
hands, with an opposable thumb.
>>NOORY: What about the feet?
>>CARY: And the feet,
in the knee area,
these animals are
described almost
like a lot of the
witnesses describe
the legs as being on backwards.
That's how they describe them.
So there's a very weird
sort of evolutionary process
that seems to have taken place.
>>NOORY: The knees stick
out in a different way, huh?
>>CARY: They do.
And it's a way for
dog-like legs to be
able to support
upright running weight.
And when you look at some
of these descriptions,
you think to yourself,
how could somebody
with no scientific
background end up
drawing of a picture of a
creature that's anatomically
and evolutionary correct
if it were going to be
an upright walking creature?
>>NOORY: Interesting take.
>>CARY: Yeah.
>>NOORY: And yet sometimes
they run off and on all fours?
>>CARY: Yes, they do
go down to all fours.
And Sasquatch too has
been reported many times
being on all fours.
>>NOORY: You talked
about Bigfoot
running about 55 miles an hour.
What about Dogman?
>>CARY: Dogman seems strangely
similar in that speed.
We don't know an exact mile
per hour, nor with Sasquatch.
>>NOORY: But they're fast.
>>CARY: But they
are very, very fast.
And any of the
eyewitnesses who have
come to us with
descriptions of them
say that this thing,
when it moved,
it moved so fast it was
a blur in the woods.
>>NOORY: Upright or on fours?
>>CARY: Upright even.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>CARY: Yeah, they
can move that fast.
>>NOORY: Put them in
the Olympics, huh?
>>CARY: Right.
Here's apparently a creature
that is still living,
it's breathing, it's walking
around out in those woods.
>>NOORY: You're
convinced it exists?
>>CARY: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: People are
seeing something.
Well, that's the other
remarkable thing, Jack,
about these stories.
Whatever they may
be, whether they're
UFO cases, Bigfoot
cases, the Dogman,
people are seeing something.
>>CARY: Yes.
>>NOORY: They're not
making this stuff up.
>>CARY: Not making it up.
And they have no
reason to make it up.
Most of them only have something
to lose by making it up.
Friends and family
calling them crazy.
There's no money,
no payoff for it.
A lot of them, like in
the Liquid Lichen Case,
the eyewitness didn't
even want his name known.
And this man's credibility
was beyond reproach.
>>NOORY: Years ago
in St. Louis, we
had lived where there
was a small creek
in some woods behind us.
And my son must have been
eight or nine years old,
would like to walk around
there a little bit.
We wouldn't let him walk
into the woods for fear
that he couldn't get back.
But he went in there one day,
and he comes running out, just
running out in a panic.
"Dad, Dad, Dad, help, help!"
I don't know what to do.
I'm grabbing the
little guy, right?
And I could see and hear
about 100 feet behind him
the crackling in the woods
of obviously some creature
or something running after him.
And what I saw, Jack,
was a dark figure.
I thought, is
there some sick guy
out in the woods or something?
It wasn't that.
It was more of an animal,
much like a Bigfoot.
And it just stopped in its
tracks and then took off again.
>>CARY: Right.
>>NOORY: And
clearly I could hear
it running through the woods.
>>CARY: Right.
>>NOORY: I don't
know what it was.
In the midwest.
>>CARY: And it probably
sounded bipedal.
>>NOORY: Yeah, it did.
>>CARY: Yeah, and that's what
people are often coming across.
They only hear the noises
and sounds, but then
when something starts
throwing rocks at them.
>>NOORY: Was it gonna
grab my little boy?
>>CARY: It's very possible.
I mean, there are
plenty of accounts
of them stealing children.
That's why I think
David was very
interested in that
Sasquatch possibility
early on in the 411
Missing Person Cases.
He did entertain the
possibility of Sasquatch
being the reason why these
people are going missing,
but I think over time he's
realized that it's something
much larger than that.
>>NOORY: Jack, what about
government experiments?
We've always heard about
the Island of Dr. Moreau,
but what if there's
a lab somewhere,
where government
is testing, maybe
to make a superhuman being,
a soldier, or something,
but something has gone
awry, and they've let it out
into the community or
something has happened.
>>CARY: Yeah, it's
something that JC
and I often discussed was the
fact that these creatures were
apparently genetically
manipulated before.
Our government and
military has the ability
to do that same sort
of manipulation now.
>>NOORY: That we did it.
>>CARY: Right, what
would keep them
from continuing to meddle in
some of this DNA manipulation?
>>NOORY: Why did we let
them go, or did they escape?
>>CARY: It's interesting.
I think the creatures
were already there.
They ended up
capturing them, and I
think, in the case
of Sasquatch, they've
attempted to militarize
it, to weaponize it.
>>NOORY: You do know
that most hunters,
if they were in the woods,
would try to kill Dogman.
>>CARY: Right.
>>NOORY: You, I would think,
would try to capture Dogman.
>>CARY: Love to have him.
>>NOORY: There's a
big difference there.
>>CARY: Love to have a
living specimen, yeah.
Like I said, we don't know what
role these creatures are really
playing.
Do they really pose
a threat to humans
or are they just wanting
to be left alone?
That's the great enigma.
And a lot of people would
argue that with Sasquatch you
have to 5, 10,000 animals
for a viable breeding pool.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>CARY: Why not take one,
one specimen as a sample?
>>NOORY: Would you see anything
mystical about the Dogman?
.
>>CARY: Yeah, absolutely.
I mean, this is a creature
that was deified by
not only the Inca but quite
a few other indigenous
peoples, and even by
the Egyptians in Anubis.
>>NOORY: If you were
in a tent in the woods
and either Sasquatch or Dogman
open up the tent to look in
or come in, which one would
you want in that tent with you?
>>CARY: Sasquatch by far.
They don't scare me.
>>NOORY: Yeah, much
safer, you think?
>>CARY: They don't
scare me nearly as bad.
And we know that
Sasquatch, although they
can be aggressive, it's
usually the breeding age
males that are aggressive,
not the younger
ones and not the females.
And it's usually only
during their breeding season
that they're aggressive.
And other than that, they
seem very benign species.
They seem to be a type of
human, a type of people that
simply want to be left alone.
And we know that they travel
in human family-like units.
>>NOORY: But you
believe that they're
indigenous to this planet?
>>CARY: Yes, I absolutely do.
>>NOORY: Jack, how do
people get a hold of you?
How do they track what you do?
>>CARY: You can always
find me on Facebook, just
under Jack Cary.
The Paranormal
Intelligence Agency
also has a Facebook page.
You can go to our
website, www.paranormalin
telligenceagency.com.
You can find us on the
Crypto Four Corners YouTube
channel and Facebook page.
There are many
ways to contact me.
And we're always looking
for new cases to look into.
>>NOORY: And they keep
coming, don't they?
>>CARY: They do.
And the more people contact us
with actual evidence and cases
for us to investigate,
the sooner
we will be able to prove
that a lot of this phenomenon
is taking place and present
that to the public at large.
>>NOORY: How much
of the community
has lost a great crypto
with JC Johnson gone?
>>CARY: Oh, the
cryptozoology world
will never be the same again.
>>NOORY: Devastated.
>>CARY: His contributions
to that field cannot even be
measured.
The amount of credibility
that the man operated with
and brought to that
field is something
that can never be replaced.
The simple integrity
that he brought
to it and the unwillingness
to ever give up.
He was probably the
toughest man I ever knew.
No matter how much ridicule,
no matter how many people would
shout "Hoax, fakes, you're
a liar," he knew the truth.
And that's all that
really mattered to JC,
and it's one of the reasons I
loved working with him so much.
>>NOORY: Well, good for you.
And it was a great experience,
something you'll never forget?
>>CARY: Oh, yeah.
JC taught me more in a few
years than most cryptozoologists
will learn in a lifetime.
>>NOORY: And he loved
what he did, didn't he?
>>CARY: Oh, absolutely.
He was truly in love
with what he did.
>>NOORY: You could
tell just in the video
that he was excited about
everything he touched.
>>CARY: Oh, right, right.
And it wasn't about
monetary gain to JC.
JC lived a very Spartan,
sparse lifestyle.
And it was because he
dedicated so much of his time
to being out in
the field unpaid.
And most people, they think
that, oh, these guys are just
in it to make money.
No, they're in it because
they love what they do.
>>NOORY: And there's not
a lot of money to make.
>>CARY: Exactly.
>>NOORY: If you had
one of these creatures,
maybe you can become PT Barnum.
>>CARY: Right, that's
what I was gonna say.
>>NOORY: In the absence
of that, in void of that,
you're not gonna
make a lot of money.
>>CARY: You're not gonna
make a lot of money,
and you're going to have a
lot of people coming down
on you, saying
that this is fake,
and that you're a liar,
and so on and so forth.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>CARY: And we
continue to do it.
I continue to do it, because
we know that it's real.
We focus on evidence
that has real viability
and scientific backing to it.
We try to weed out anything that
could possibly have been a hoax
and not even
concentrate on that.
And on the PIA website,
we concentrate on quality
rather than quantity.
>>NOORY: And that's important.
>>CARY: It is.
When I founded the
PIA, I founded a group
that I couldn't find, and made
a website I couldn't find,
which was a paranormal
investigation body
and website that actually
was collecting the real deal
evidence and filtering
through all of the stuff
that you could readily dismiss.
>>NOORY: Jack, thanks for
sharing your time with us.
>>CARY: Thank you very much.
I appreciate it.
>>NOORY: I mean, this
is a fascinating field.
The search for Bigfoot,
Dogman, David Paulides' work
of why people are simply
disappearing and missing.
And as Jack has been mentioning,
the loss of JC Johnson
is huge in the cryptozoology
field, not to be replaced.
So we'll never forget.
I'm George Noory.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]